double
with
more is better
50 or so
you
you need to
hundreds blood yeah
let's get enough tension
I didn't oh so I don't let me do it this
way I'll do it trying to make it easier
friend some people uneasy straight times
at your legs oh yeah I point doesn't
offer the loop over my feet for that I
like to do it is on the boat is like
that it's easy sitting down and you can
spread your legs quite many movie girls
more exact where I see our time I looked
at one another on my love to do that
long yeah I found the video go the less
language get one casting right except to
twist there to finish it you just do a
half hitch
which is hard to do the global
ok
one half hitch and then three in a row
pardon it and not anywhere oh my god
just tie one each in American slave
there it is yeah I can't be me buddy i'm
martin from zip through I actually read
the book that new way you find out you
little blue in your nexus brings mark I
really have to practice her yeah it's
dead simple when you realize what you're
trying to do left right over your feet
in a try to spread the load my god you
want I make look they're gonna upload my
feet we've been apart you got to hear
what best bet is it seemed looking up on